Add introduction (#2)
AppSecure-nrw/security-belts: README.md

The white belt - with its activities - is our starting point and shall lay the organizational basis for the improvement of your software security. All other belts (yellow, orange, etc.) directly improve the team and its product. The activities with the best benefit to cost ratio are assigned to early belts (yellow, etc.). Therefore, activities in later security belts have a reduced benefit to cost ratio. Nevertheless, they are still worthwile if the product has critical software security requirements.

At the moment benefit and cost values are based on expert judgment. In the future, we seek to measure these
values, so that the maturity model gets more accurate and profound. Furthermore, each belt follows the
following rules, which we consider useful.
1. Each Security Belt improves transparency to help the team to better understand and communicate to their stakeholders how well it ensures software security.
2. Each Security Belt supports the team to automate and standardize their new security tasks by introducing at least one new tool.

## More Headings

TODO: Assessment
TODO

> TODO
> TODO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Belt Activities

The belt activities serve as a checklist for the team and give additional information to accomplish these activitites. In particular, they consist of:
- a brief task description the team,
- a list of further readings to learn more about this topic,
- references to related activities (if necessarry),
- the benefits of this activity, and
- a checklist for the asssessment of the belt.

> TODO
> TODO
> TODO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Security Belts

> With modern software development methodologies such as DevOps, development teams have the need to take care and also take responsibility for software security of their product themselves. In order to achieve this, the team has to deal with security early on and continuously in its software development process. To empower the teams to handle software security well they have to build up knowledge and awareness for the subject and are willing to continuously improve themselves. But also organizations have to deal with these new requirements and have to enable software security to function decentralized within their organization landscape.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With modern software development methodologies such as DevOps, development teams have the need to take over responsibility for software security for their product themselves. To avoid security fire drills right before deployment, the team must deal with security early on and continuously in its software development process. To empower the teams to handle software security well, they must build up knowledge and awareness for the subject. However, even more fundamental is their commitment to continuously improve themselves. On an organizational level, it is crucial to enable software security to function decentralized across multiple teams.
```

> The Security Belts model is defined as a maturity model and thus pursues the idea of giving the teams instructions on how they can best deal with the issue of software security without overwhelming themselves with the complexity that the subject entails. In addition to specifying specific activities to improve software security, we also want to use the model to convey values that are based on [The Five Ideals Of DevOps](https://itrevolution.com/five-ideals-of-devops/) which we believe are essential to successfully develop secure software in the long term. In order to name the individual degrees of maturity, we have based ourselves on the idea of belts, which are known from various martial arts such as judo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Security Belts model is a maturity model and thus pursues the idea of providing development teams reasonable activities to improve software security without overwhelming them with the complexity that the subject entails.
The model shall convey values that are based on [The Five Ideals Of DevOps](https://itrevolution.com/five-ideals-of-devops/), which we believe are essential to successfully deliver secure software. In the model, the individual degrees of maturity are represented as belts, which are known from various martial arts such as judo.
```

> Every activity in this model that is supposed to improve software security is sorted into one of the belts according to its benefit / cost ratio. Activities in the lower belts are not so expensive in terms of time and skill requirements and probably bring the most benefits for software security. The higher the belt, the more demanding the activities and their benefits are less generally applicable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every activity in this model that improves software security is sorted into one of the belts according to its benefit to cost ratio. Activities in the lower belts are not so expensive in terms of time and skill requirements and probably bring the most benefits for software security. The higher the belt, the more demanding the activities and their benefits are less generally applicable.  At the moment benefit and cost values are based on expert judgment. In the future we seek to measure these values, so that the model get's more acurate and profound.
```

> 
> Furthermore, we have taken care to adhere to specially drawn up rules when defining the belts, which we consider useful. The first rule: you do not talk about .... nope, it is: each Security Belt introduces at least one new tool or technical feature. The second rule: each Security Belt improves transparency to help the team to better understand and communicate to their stakeholders how well it ensures software security.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Furthermore, each belt follows the following rules, which we consider useful.
1. You do not talk about .... nope, it is: Each Security Belt introduces at least one new tool or technical feature.
2. Each Security Belt improves transparency to help the team to better understand and communicate to their stakeholders how well it ensures software security.
```
